README.md, before:

Treason Coup
------------

A clone of the card game Coup written in Node.js. Play online at http://treason.thebrown.net.

To run it, checkout the source code, install Node.js (version 6 or later), and run:

    npm install
    node server.js [--debug]

Then open `http://localhost:8080` in one or more browser windows. For an explanation of how to play, see `web/rules.html`.

I use BrowserStack for testing - thanks for the free account guys!

AI
--

To play against the AI, click the "Add AI" button before starting the game. The AI implementation is in `ai-player.js`. The `onStateChange` method responds to the current game state and sends commands to the server to play its turn.

The game state object:

    {
        stateId: 1,         // a token that is passed back to the server when sending a command
        players: [
            {
                name: "",           // The name of the player
                cash: 2,            // The amount of money owned by the player
                influenceCount: 2   // The number of unrevealed influences the player has remaining
                influence: [
                    {
                        role: "unknown",    // The player's role, if known
                        revealed: false     // Whether this influence has been revealed
                    },
                    {
                        ...
                    }
                ]
            },
            {
                ...
            }
        ],
        playerIdx: 0                // The index of your player
        numPlayers: 2               // The number of players in the game
        state: {
            playerIdx: 0,           // The index of the player whose turn it is
            name: "",               // The name of the current game state
            action: "",             // The action which is being attempted in the current turn, or null
            target: 1,              // The index of the player who is targeted by the current action, or null
            blockingRole: "",       // The role being used to block the current action, or null
            exchangeOptions: [],    // When exchanging, the roles you can choose from
            playerToReveal: 1       // When revealng an influence, the player who must reveal
        }
    }

In state `waiting-for-players`, the game has not yet started.

In state `start-of-turn`, the player whose turn it is may play an action using the command `play-action`.

In state `action-response`, any player may challenge the action (held in the `action` field) using the `challenge` command. Actions which can be blocked by another player can be blocked using the `block` command. Players who do not wish to challenge or block should send the `allow` command.

After an action has been unsuccessfully challenged, the target of the action may have a final chance to block. This is represented by state `final-action-response`. The action can be blocked using the `block` command, or if the targeted player does not wish to block, they should send the `allow` command.

In state `block-response`, the player in the `target` field is attempting to block the action using the role in the `blockingRole` field. Any player may challenge the block using the `challenge` command. Players who do not which to challenge should send the `allow` command.

In state `reveal-influence`, the player in the `playerToReveal` field must reveal an influence using the `reveal` command. This occurs after a coup, a successful assassination, or a challenge.

The `exchange` state occurs after playing the exchange action; the player whose turn it is must choose which of their cards to exchange. The player chooses their roles from those in the `exchangeOptions` field, and then sends an `exchange` command with the `roles` field containing their choice in the form of an array.

When a player wins, the game returns to `waiting-for-players`, and the `state.winnerIdx` field is set to the winner.

Commands sent to the server look like this:

    {
        command: "",        // The name of the command: play-action, block, challenge, allow, reveal, exchange
        action: "",         // For the play-action command, the action to play
        target: 0,          // When playing an action which targets another player, the index of the player to target
        blockingRole: "",   // For the block command, the role to block with
        role: "",           // For the reveal command, the role to reveal
        roles: [""],        // For the exchange command, the role(s) you wish to keep
        stateId: 1          // Must match the stateId from the latest game state
    }

Commit message:

Include screenshot of updated graphics in README

README.md, after:

Treason Coup
------------

Original README below. This fork includes these changes on top of the original [treason](https://github.com/octachrome/treason):
- [x] Card graphics

![Cards Screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9534435/80168997-41a18a00-85b2-11ea-8248-07339c0302bf.png)


A clone of the card game Coup written in Node.js. Play online at http://treason.thebrown.net.

To run it, checkout the source code, install Node.js (version 6 or later), and run:

    npm install
    node server.js [--debug]

Then open `http://localhost:8080` in one or more browser windows. For an explanation of how to play, see `web/rules.html`.

I use BrowserStack for testing - thanks for the free account guys!

AI
--

To play against the AI, click the "Add AI" button before starting the game. The AI implementation is in `ai-player.js`. The `onStateChange` method responds to the current game state and sends commands to the server to play its turn.

The game state object:

    {
        stateId: 1,         // a token that is passed back to the server when sending a command
        players: [
            {
                name: "",           // The name of the player
                cash: 2,            // The amount of money owned by the player
                influenceCount: 2   // The number of unrevealed influences the player has remaining
                influence: [
                    {
                        role: "unknown",    // The player's role, if known
                        revealed: false     // Whether this influence has been revealed
                    },
                    {
                        ...
                    }
                ]
            },
            {
                ...
            }
        ],
        playerIdx: 0                // The index of your player
        numPlayers: 2               // The number of players in the game
        state: {
            playerIdx: 0,           // The index of the player whose turn it is
            name: "",               // The name of the current game state
            action: "",             // The action which is being attempted in the current turn, or null
            target: 1,              // The index of the player who is targeted by the current action, or null
            blockingRole: "",       // The role being used to block the current action, or null
            exchangeOptions: [],    // When exchanging, the roles you can choose from
            playerToReveal: 1       // When revealng an influence, the player who must reveal
        }
    }

In state `waiting-for-players`, the game has not yet started.

In state `start-of-turn`, the player whose turn it is may play an action using the command `play-action`.

In state `action-response`, any player may challenge the action (held in the `action` field) using the `challenge` command. Actions which can be blocked by another player can be blocked using the `block` command. Players who do not wish to challenge or block should send the `allow` command.

After an action has been unsuccessfully challenged, the target of the action may have a final chance to block. This is represented by state `final-action-response`. The action can be blocked using the `block` command, or if the targeted player does not wish to block, they should send the `allow` command.

In state `block-response`, the player in the `target` field is attempting to block the action using the role in the `blockingRole` field. Any player may challenge the block using the `challenge` command. Players who do not which to challenge should send the `allow` command.

In state `reveal-influence`, the player in the `playerToReveal` field must reveal an influence using the `reveal` command. This occurs after a coup, a successful assassination, or a challenge.

The `exchange` state occurs after playing the exchange action; the player whose turn it is must choose which of their cards to exchange. The player chooses their roles from those in the `exchangeOptions` field, and then sends an `exchange` command with the `roles` field containing their choice in the form of an array.

When a player wins, the game returns to `waiting-for-players`, and the `state.winnerIdx` field is set to the winner.

Commands sent to the server look like this:

    {
        command: "",        // The name of the command: play-action, block, challenge, allow, reveal, exchange
        action: "",         // For the play-action command, the action to play
        target: 0,          // When playing an action which targets another player, the index of the player to target
        blockingRole: "",   // For the block command, the role to block with
        role: "",           // For the reveal command, the role to reveal
        roles: [""],        // For the exchange command, the role(s) you wish to keep
        stateId: 1          // Must match the stateId from the latest game state
    }
